## Describe an accomplishment, event, or realization that sparked a period of personal growth and a new understanding of yourself or others.  (Maximum 350 words)

When I began high school in 2020, it was immediately apparent that it is almost impossible for me to ensure the similar rank as before because it would were outstanding students in our previous school. Moreover, my classmates were more indifferent than my junior high school classmates and as a result, there was little communications between student and everyone studied by themselves.
 It was a terrible circumstance—no-one wanted to help others with problems, consequently less advance between us. I felt uncertain about this phenomenon until I discovered an arcane academic term: involution, which has become shorthand used by Chinese urbanites to describe the ills of their modern lives and caused by the mentality of people who have turned apathetic by incessant competition.
With the deepening of understanding, I realized the real reason for this lack of teamwork: each student was very self-sufficient and self- absorbed and they perhaps felt threatened by newcomers and view this competition as negative to the development.
The issue first became apparent in the school clean-up which was tidying for the future mock exam. This is all very unclear and difficult to follow. Nevertheless, few people executed their tasks giving similar excuses of lethargy and indifference. I had a hunch that the teacher would be furious .However, our organizer was not angry or abused us for being lazy, on the contrary, she said a thought-provoking sentence : If everyone in the world only thought of themselves ,become selfish ,without helping, I am absolutely convinced that the result would be a disaster, none can afford.
On balance, keeping the classroom clean is not only the duty of the school’s cleaners but also everyone who spends in the classroom although it would take some time. Fortunately, our teacher corrected our poor behavior and gave us a very good example. In future group activities, more and more classmates prefer to give a helping hand because we have found that will improve life for everyone.
