# Application Essay(paragraph 2)

#### *Briefly describe a personal goal you have set for yourself, and how long you have been working to achieve this goal. Who did you turn to for advice or help, and what was their role? what did you learn about yourself? (maximum 350 words)*

Last term, I realized that my English level was awful, and that this was affecting my school assignments and exam results. Therefore, through discussion with my English teacher at the parents’ meeting. I set up an appropriate goal in which I would aim to get a “B” grade in my final exam.

The process of working towards my goal was more arduous than I initially thought. Firstly, the remaining time was too short for me—only three months which meant that I had to start working as soon as possible. Secondly, considering that I did not want to fall behind in my other subjects including my IELTS preparation, I had no choice but to squeeze the necessary extra work into my daily life. Hence, my father and I modified my original work schedule in order to make my goal more reasonable and achievable. During this period, my father often reminded me of deadlines associated with essential matters such as my mock exam. He also taught me how to write a feasible plan. In spite of this help, there were still many setbacks during the process.

In addition, there were some problems with my oral test too. For instance ,I would often feel nervous when I talked with the examiner. As a result, I was often unable to speak to the examiner. Although I felt familiar with the words, I still forgot them during the test. Moreover, I could not find any resources to help me with the test. Both of these issues made me anxious nearly all term. The only solution that my English teacher offered was practicing more. Thus, I often chatted with my friends in English in class or even in daily life. Unexpectedly, our teachers then set up speaking lessons to improve our ability.

On balance, I have understood that study by myself not only requires hard work but also others’ help. Although the result of the examination is not yet known, I am full of self-confidence and am not feeling stressed. 
